Add new troubleshooting: removing finalizers (#9483)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/10-02-basic-troubleshooting.md

```bash
minikube ssh -- docker run -i --rm --privileged --pid=host debian nsenter -t 1 -m -u -n -i date -u $(date -u +%m%d%H%M%Y)
```

## Errors after restarting Kyma on Minikube

If you restart Kyma using unauthorized methods, such as triggering the installation when a Minikube cluster with Kyma is already running, the cluster might become unresponsive which can be fixed by reinstalling Kyma.
To prevent such behavior, [stop and restart Kyma](#installation-install-kyma-locally-stop-and-restart-kyma-without-reinstalling) using only the method described.

## Can't deprovision Gardener cluster

If you are unable to deprovision a Gardener cluster, you might receive the following error:

```bash
Flow "Shoot cluster deletion" encountered task errors: [task "Cleaning extended API groups" failed: 1 error occurred:
retry failed with context deadline exceeded, last error: remaining objects are still present: [*v1beta1.CustomResourceDefinition /installations.installer.kyma-project.io]
```

> If this happens, you must first remove the finalizer from `kyma-installation` CR. Run this command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this happens, you must first remove the finalizer from the `kyma-installation` CR. Run this command: 
```

```bash
kubectl patch installation kyma-installation --type=merge -p '{"metadata":{"finalizers":null}}'

> ```

Reviewer 2: I first run this command what should I do next? What is the second step?

If you restart Kyma using unauthorized methods, such as triggering the installation when a Minikube cluster with Kyma is already running, the cluster might become unresponsive which can be fixed by reinstalling Kyma.
To prevent such behavior, [stop and restart Kyma](#installation-install-kyma-locally-stop-and-restart-kyma-without-reinstalling) using only the method described.

> ## Unable to deprovision Gardener cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Can't deprovision Gardener cluster
```
I know I suggested `unable` in the first place, but you were right, it's better to be consistent with the rest of the document.

> If you are unable to deprovision a Gardener cluster and you receive the following error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't deprovision a Gardener cluster, you might receive the following error:
```
- `can't`: I know I suggested `unable` in the first place, but you were right, it's better to be consistent with the rest of the document.

- `and you receive the following error` -> `, you might receive the following error:`: as a general rule, we don't split sentences with code blocks.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
This improves rendering. It's not strictly necessary, but we generally try to include it whenever possible. 
You might want to add it to the rest of the code blocks here.

Flow "Shoot cluster deletion" encountered task errors: [task "Cleaning extended API groups" failed: 1 error occurred:
retry failed with context deadline exceeded, last error: remaining objects are still present: [*v1beta1.CustomResourceDefinition /installations.installer.kyma-project.io]
```

> You need to first remove the finalizer from `kyma-installation` CR. Run this command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this happens, you must first remove the finalizer from `kyma-installation` CR. Run this command: 
```

> ```

Author: add ```bash

> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```bash
```
